feat(mesh): add Terraform import guide (#8585)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/mesh/guides/import-existing-konnect-kong-mesh-deployment-to-terraform.md

---
title: Import existing Konnect {{site.mesh_product_name}} deployment to Terraform
---

## Introduction

This guide explains how to import an existing Konnect {{site.mesh_product_name}} deployment into Terraform.
It covers setup, importing resources, running Terraform commands, and automating the import process using a provided script.

## Setup

> Make sure you completed "Setup" from [Deploy {{site.mesh_product_name}} using Terraform and Konnect](/mesh/{{page.release}}/guides/deploy-kong-mesh-using-terraform-and-konnect).

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure you completed "Provider Configuration" from [Deploy {{site.mesh_product_name}} using Terraform and Konnect](/mesh/{{page.release}}/guides/deploy-kong-mesh-using-terraform-and-konnect#provider-configuration).
```
